alright this is michelle for you can
mobile review calm and today we're going
to take a look at the auto clip three in
one lens originally designed for the
iphone 4 4 s or similar ipads this is a
small three in one photo lens which is
able which you can clip on onto your
device to take the picture and on the
big end we've got the fisheye lens for
you know fisheye pictures i'll show a
demonstration in a minute on the other
end get the wide-angle feature or if we
unscrew this we get a lens for micro
pictures well just for theory when you
buy it it's i guess 60 euros you get the
lens bottom those two caps and you get
this small bag with the logo of the
company well unfortunately i don't have
an iphone here but I figure it out this
lens also fits the new blackberry z10
and with this I will demonstrate the
image function and we'll start off with
this is the regular point of view no you
don't see very much to be honest don't
know very much on my table anyways then
I'll add the lens now we see kind of
more my table if I remove it let's see a
wide angle feature and to demonstrate
the macro
you see the difference between this and
then i will get a sony xperia z right
here go very close I can't see it right
now now can you so
going to move in very very close at the
corner of the device and snap a picture
and as you can see sorry the macro
picture well not the best one i've taken
i will show you an example in a minute
I've been playing around with this for
quite a while now just cool wide angle
back put the cat lens cap back on and
then just for demonstration you see the
fish I see what it does that's basically
so on I was really relieved when I
learned it the lens also fits on
blackberry z10 so that i can use it and
for some demonstration to show you on
the actual device I'll take it away
first SEC private pictures on it minute
for the macro shot out use no German
coin and for this one this is leave my
god you see you get the point put in
your we've got the wide angle and this
one wisdom the fisheye i'll upload all
the images onto the post so you can view
them in full resolution and yeah this
was about my short review of the
olloclip three-in-one iphone lens which
also fits the blackberry z10 as
coincidence so thank you for watching
you